Over the last lectures in this module, we did a lot of work and we built our tiny but nice little
own visual which uses our own data, which shows colors, where we can select items and where we can even
change some option.
Now I'll be honest, you can go much deeper than that and it's impossible to cover this here in this course
which is mostly about Power BI and not about Power BI developer, so developing for it.
I found it important to add this section though because being able to dive into the creation of custom
charts or at least understanding a bit more what actually happens behind the scenes can really help
you. Now if you are interested in diving deeper,
you basically have to learn a lot with blog articles and so on,
there isn't that much great official documentation, I do link some resources in the lecture after this
one though and then it's all about trying out things,
playing around with it, you can't break anything.
Now before I leave this, however let's see how we can package our visual so that we can not only use
it here in the Power BI service but also how we could distribute it or how we can use it in Power BI desktop.